Feature/dx 443 completeurl update description (#146)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/purchase.md

|  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └➔&nbsp;`urls`                        | `object`      | The `urls` resource lists urls that redirects users to relevant sites.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> |  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └─➔&nbsp;`completeUrl`                | `string`      | The URL that Swedbank Pay will redirect back to when the payment page is completed. This does not indicate a successful payment, only that it has reached a completion state. A `GET` request needs to be performed on the payment to inspect it further.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └─➔&nbsp;`completeUrl`                | `string`      | The URL that Swedbank Pay will redirect back to when the payer has completed his or her interactions with the payment. This does not indicate a successful payment, only that it has reached a final (complete) state. A `GET` request needs to be performed on the payment to inspect it further.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
